1. What are all the JavaScript Data Types?

In Javascript, there are five basic, or primitive, types of data. The five most basic types of data are strings, numbers, booleans, undefined, and null.

2. What is the Difference Between Const Let and Var? Consider Scope ... Give an example

Variables declared with var are in the function scope. Variables declared as let are in the block scope. Variables declared as const are in the block scope.

3. Pass By Value vs Pass By Reference? Why would you say a String is pass by value/ or a value type? Why is an object a reference type?

The method parameter values are copied to another variable and then the copied object is passed to the method.the string variable holds the reference to the actual data, so it passes this reference and not the actual data.

4. What do Map , Filter and Reduce do? Do they mutate the array you call them on?

The functions map(), filter(), and reduce() all do the same thing: They each take a function and a list of elements, and then return the result of applying the function to each element in the list. As previously stated, Python has built-in functions like map(), filter(), and reduce().

5. What are all the Falsey Values in JavaScript? Why do you think this is important to know?

A falsy (sometimes written falsey) value is a value that is considered false when encountered in a Boolean context.

6. What are Async and Await?

The async and await keywords enable asynchronous, promise-based behavior to be written in a cleaner style, avoiding the need to explicitly configure promise chains. Async functions may also be defined as expressions.

7. What is an async function?

 It simply allows us to write promises based code as if it was synchronous and it checks that we are not breaking the execution thread

8. What are try and catch?

The try statement allows you to define a block of code to be tested for errors while it is being executed. The catch statement allows you to define a block of code to be executed, if an error occurs in the try block.